Position Title: DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE & SUCCESS - REMOTE

Salary: $130000 - $150000 / yr

Other Forms of Compensation: Annual Bonus - up to 30%

As the leader in business and industry dining, Eurest is the company to join if you want a rewarding career packed with limitless opportunities. We feed the employees of the nation's largest and most-prestigious companies -- in every state and across all industries. As a member of Eurest's leadership and professional support team, you will help our 16,000 chefs, and in-unit associates excel as they deliver world-class meals in corporate cafes and executive dining rooms with on-site catering through vending innovations and more.

Our company is innovative, high performing and fast growing. Our teammates are enthusiastic, committed to quality and thrive on consistently delivering unparalleled results. And did we mention we work with exciting companies and at interesting locations? Come grow your career with Eurest.

This position is eligible for an Employee Referral Bonus! If you know someone that is qualified for this role, please use the ‘job search’ in PeopleHub to refer your referral and email them a link to apply. Your referral will be able to apply by clicking the link in the email. You can check the status through your profile, accessible via Careers in PeopleHub, by clicking on ‘referral tracking.’ For Employee Referral guidelines, FAQs and the Compass Employee Referral Policy, email MyReferral@compass-usa.com.  

Job Summary

The Director of Operational Performance and Success is responsible for driving the retention effort for priority Eurest accounts by fostering strong internal collaboration and ensuring high levels operational excellence; they are responsible for the on-site Fresh Eyes, including arranging, managing, and engaging in Fresh Eyes events. The Director of Operational Performance and Success will create and support field strategies to optimize contract renewals. Facilitating internal processes for analyzing client feedback and providing actionable insights to enhance service delivery and drive business growth are components of this role. This role focuses on supporting contracts by proactively engaging with the operations, culinary, marketing, and the Elev8 Hospitality team to anticipate, address and deliver client needs. Success in this position requires excellent problem-solving skills, communication skills, strong interpersonal abilities, and a commitment to exceeding client retention objectives, ensuring a 95%+ annual client retention rate. Please note - this is a remote based role, demanding regular air travel (60-70%).

Operational Excellence Initiatives

Develop and manage ‘Fresh Eyes’ site visits from observation to action plan development and implementation in conjunction with operations, Division culinary and marketing leads and the Elev8 Hospitality team. 
‘Fresh Eyes’ process requires a hands-on approach with a strategic sight to be successful.
Working with CMO and Senior Leadership team with clear site on what contracts are coming out to bid within 2 years and targeting accounts that are coming up for rebid.
Assess client needs through data, E15, surveys and feedback from the operational team.

Facility and Performance Reviews.

Support facility reviews with senior leadership to identify at-risk locations, including a review of financials, strategic business reviews (SBRs), voice of customer and E15 data and client correspondence.
Analyze data to recommend actions that enhance client value and satisfaction.
Communicate effectively with Eurest senior leaders through in-person meetings, telephone, and electronic correspondence.

Strategic Account Management

Develop contract extension and renewal strategies to preempt competitive bid situations through systematic account assessment, internal team communication, action planning and implementation.
Establish strong cross-functional relationships with operations, support, and resource teams (culinary, marketing, Elev8 Hospitality) to ensure regular communication and high execution levels of action plans.

Training and Coaching

Provide coaching and training for operations on client retention and engagement skills. Lead the development, delivery, and training for DMs and above on various client-facing business resources, including:

Tools needed for professional success in this role:

Operational expertise - multi-site portfolio experience is a must
Project management skills
Excellent relationship-building skills, verbal and written skills
Creative problem-solving and negotiating effectively and influencing with all levels of associates and management
Impact and Influence; Emotional intelligence
Financial acumen
Contracted services operational acumen
Holding self and others accountable
Strategic business thinking
Ability to manage all aspects of working independently without constant direct supervision
Leadership and project management skills with a proven ability to interact with and motivate others

Apply to Eurest today!

Eurest is a member of Compass Group USA

Click here to Learn More about the Compass Story

Associates At Eurest Are Offered Many Fantastic Benefits.

Medical
Dental
Vision
Life Insurance/ AD
Disability Insurance
Retirement Plan
Paid Time Off
Holiday Time Off (varies by site/state)
Associate Shopping Program
Health and Wellness Programs
Discount Marketplace
Identity Theft Protection
Pet Insurance
Commuter Benefits
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)
Paid Parental Leave
Personal Leave

Associates may also be eligible for paid and/or unpaid time off benefits in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. For positions in Washington State, Maryland, or to be performed Remotely, click here or copy/paste the link below for paid time off benefits information.

https://www.compass-usa.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/01/2026_Wage-Transparency_Eurest.pdf

Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.

Qualified candidates must be able to perform the essential functions of this position satisfactorily with or without a reasonable accommodation. Disclaimer: this job post is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all essential responsibilities, skills, tasks, or requirements associated with this position. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the position posted, the Company reserves the right to modify or change the essential functions of the job based on business necessity. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with a criminal history (including relevant driving history), in a manner consistent with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, and the New York Fair Chance Act. 

Eurest maintains a drug-free workplace.

Applications are accepted on an ongoing basis.